README.md, before:

# SygicMapsKit - Android

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/Sygic/sygic-maps-kit-android.svg?branch=master)][8] [![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/Sygic/sygic-maps-kit-android.svg)][1] [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Sygic/sygic-maps-kit-android.svg)][12] ![Minimal API version level 21](https://img.shields.io/badge/API_level-21-green.svg)

A powerful open-source library based on [Sygic Maps SDK][5] which can be used to display rich map content and interact with it.
(if you are looking for a iOS version, you can find it [here][4])

<p align="center"><img src="assets/images/sygic_logo.png" alt="Sygic Logo"></p>

## Getting Started

To get familiar with all the features available, you can first try out our Sample App.

<p align="center"><a href="assets/images/screenshots_orig.png" target="_blank"><img src="assets/images/screenshots.png" alt="Screenshots"></a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sygic.samples" target="_blank"><img src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en_badge_web_generic.png" alt="Get it on Google Play" height="80"></a></p>

### Prerequisites

1. **Request the Sygic API key**. To start developing with Sygic Maps SDK, please [fill this form][6] and get your API key.

2. Specify these Gradle properties:

    ```gradle
    android {
        ...
        dataBinding {
            enabled = true
        }
    
        compileOptions {
            sourceCompatibility 1.8
            targetCompatibility 1.8
        }
    }
    ```

3. Min API **21** (Android 5.0 Lollipop)

### Implementation

1. Gradle **project file**:

    ```gradle
    allprojects {
        repositories {
            google()
            jcenter()
            maven { url "https://public.repo.sygic.com/repository/maven-sygic-releases/" }
        }
    }
    ```

2. Gradle **module file**:

    ```gradle
    dependencies {
        ...
        // Pattern: implementation 'sygic-prefix:module-name:version'
        implementation 'com.sygic.maps:module-browsemap:1.0.0'

        //implementation 'com.sygic.maps:module-search:1.2.0' (coming soon)
        //implementation 'com.sygic.maps:module-navigation:1.0.1' (coming soon)
        ...
    }
    ```

3. Finally, you need to add your **API key** to the **Android Manifest**:

    ```xml
    <manifest package="com.sygic.samples">
        <application>
    
            ...
     
            <meta-data
                android:name="@string/com_sygic_api_key"
                android:value="place your API key here" />
    
        </application>
    </manifest>
    ```

4. Optional, but recommended. Configure APK split to reduce final application size:

    ```gradle
    import com.android.build.OutputFile
    
    ...
    
    android {
        ...
        defaultConfig {
            ...
            versionCode 1
        }
    
        def abiCodes = ['armeabi-v7a':2, 'arm64-v8a':3, 'x86':8, 'x86_64':9 ]
        android.applicationVariants.all { variant ->
            variant.outputs.each {
                output ->
                    def abiName = output.getFilter(OutputFile.ABI)
                    output.versionCodeOverride = abiCodes.get(abiName, 0) * 100000 + variant.versionCode
            }
        }
        splits {
            abi {
                enable true
                reset()
                include "armeabi-v7a", "arm64-v8a", "x86", "x86_64"
                universalApk false
            }
        }
    }
    
    ...
    ```

For more info visit [this page][7].

### Basic Usage

Simply put the BrowseMapFragment to your layout container:

```xml
<FrameLayout
    xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"
    android:layout_width="match_parent"
    android:layout_height="match_parent">

    <fragment
        android:id="@+id/browseMapFragment"
        class="com.sygic.maps.module.browsemap.BrowseMapFragment"
        android:layout_width="match_parent"
        android:layout_height="match_parent" />

</FrameLayout>
```

for more usage examples go to the [Wiki][2] page.

## Help

First read the [Wiki][2] page, then try to search on [Stackoverflow][9] or visit the GitHub [issues][3] page.

## Authors

* **Miroslav Kacera** - *Primary contributor & Team Leader* - [bio007][10]
* **Tomáš Valenta** - *Primary contributor* - [YAV][11]

## License

    This project is licensed under the MIT License

    Copyright (c) 2019 - Sygic a.s.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
    
[1]: https://github.com/Sygic/sygic-maps-kit-android/releases
[2]: https://github.com/Sygic/sygic-maps-kit-android/wiki
[3]: https://github.com/Sygic/sygic-maps-kit-android/issues
[4]: https://github.com/Sygic/sygic-maps-kit-ios/
[5]: https://www.sygic.com/enterprise/maps-navigation-sdk-api-developers
[6]: https://www.sygic.com/enterprise/get-api-key/
[7]: https://developer.android.com/studio/build/configure-apk-splits
[8]: https://github.com/Sygic/sygic-maps-kit-android/
[9]: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/android+sygic
[10]: https://github.com/bio007
[11]: https://github.com/TomasValenta
[12]: https://github.com/Sygic/sygic-maps-kit-android/blob/master/LICENSE

Commit message:

Add copyright to all related project files.

README.md, after:

# SygicMapsKit - Android

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/Sygic/sygic-maps-kit-android.svg?branch=master)][8] [![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/Sygic/sygic-maps-kit-android.svg)][1] [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Sygic/sygic-maps-kit-android.svg)][12] ![Minimal API version level 21](https://img.shields.io/badge/API_level-21-green.svg)

A powerful open-source library based on [Sygic Maps SDK][5] which can be used to display rich map content and interact with it.
(if you are looking for a iOS version, you can find it [here][4])

<p align="center"><img src="assets/images/sygic_logo.png" alt="Sygic Logo"></p>

## Getting Started

To get familiar with all the features available, you can first try out our Sample App.

<p align="center"><a href="assets/images/screenshots_orig.png" target="_blank"><img src="assets/images/screenshots.png" alt="Screenshots"></a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sygic.samples" target="_blank"><img src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en_badge_web_generic.png" alt="Get it on Google Play" height="80"></a></p>

### Prerequisites

1. **Request the Sygic API key**. To start developing with Sygic Maps SDK, please [fill this form][6] and get your API key.

2. Specify these Gradle properties:

    ```gradle
    android {
        ...
        dataBinding {
            enabled = true
        }
    
        compileOptions {
            sourceCompatibility 1.8
            targetCompatibility 1.8
        }
    }
    ```

3. Min API **21** (Android 5.0 Lollipop)

### Implementation

1. Gradle **project file**:

    ```gradle
    allprojects {
        repositories {
            google()
            jcenter()
            maven { url "https://public.repo.sygic.com/repository/maven-sygic-releases/" }
        }
    }
    ```

2. Gradle **module file**:

    ```gradle
    dependencies {
        ...
        // Pattern: implementation 'sygic-prefix:module-name:version'
        implementation 'com.sygic.maps:module-browsemap:1.0.0'

        //implementation 'com.sygic.maps:module-search:1.2.0' (coming soon)
        //implementation 'com.sygic.maps:module-navigation:1.0.1' (coming soon)
        ...
    }
    ```
    
    all available modules can be found on the [release page][1].

3. Finally, you need to add your **API key** to the **Android Manifest**:

    ```xml
    <manifest package="com.sygic.samples">
        <application>
    
            ...
     
            <meta-data
                android:name="@string/com_sygic_api_key"
                android:value="place your API key here" />
    
        </application>
    </manifest>
    ```

4. Optional, but recommended. Configure APK split to reduce final application size:

    ```gradle
    import com.android.build.OutputFile
    
    ...
    
    android {
        ...
        defaultConfig {
            ...
            versionCode 1
        }
    
        def abiCodes = ['armeabi-v7a':2, 'arm64-v8a':3, 'x86':8, 'x86_64':9 ]
        android.applicationVariants.all { variant ->
            variant.outputs.each {
                output ->
                    def abiName = output.getFilter(OutputFile.ABI)
                    output.versionCodeOverride = abiCodes.get(abiName, 0) * 100000 + variant.versionCode
            }
        }
        splits {
            abi {
                enable true
                reset()
                include "armeabi-v7a", "arm64-v8a", "x86", "x86_64"
                universalApk false
            }
        }
    }
    
    ...
    ```

    for more info visit [this page][7].

### Basic Usage

Simply put the BrowseMapFragment to your layout container:

```xml
<FrameLayout
    xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"
    android:layout_width="match_parent"
    android:layout_height="match_parent">

    <fragment
        android:id="@+id/browseMapFragment"
        class="com.sygic.maps.module.browsemap.BrowseMapFragment"
        android:layout_width="match_parent"
        android:layout_height="match_parent" />

</FrameLayout>
```

for more usage examples go to the [Wiki][2] page.

## Help

First read the [Wiki][2] page, then try to search on [Stackoverflow][9] or visit the GitHub [issues][3] page.

## Authors

* **Miroslav Kacera** - *Primary contributor & Team Leader* - [bio007][10]
* **Tomáš Valenta** - *Primary contributor* - [YAV][11]

## License

    This project is licensed under the MIT License

    Copyright (c) 2019 Sygic a.s.
    
    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
    
    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
    copies or substantial portions of the Software.
    
    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
    SOFTWARE.
    
[1]: https://github.com/Sygic/sygic-maps-kit-android/releases
[2]: https://github.com/Sygic/sygic-maps-kit-android/wiki
[3]: https://github.com/Sygic/sygic-maps-kit-android/issues
[4]: https://github.com/Sygic/sygic-maps-kit-ios/
[5]: https://www.sygic.com/enterprise/maps-navigation-sdk-api-developers
[6]: https://www.sygic.com/enterprise/get-api-key/
[7]: https://developer.android.com/studio/build/configure-apk-splits
[8]: https://github.com/Sygic/sygic-maps-kit-android/
[9]: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/android+sygic
[10]: https://github.com/bio007
[11]: https://github.com/TomasValenta
[12]: https://github.com/Sygic/sygic-maps-kit-android/blob/master/LICENSE
